Stefan: Mystic Falls.
I was born here.
This is my home.
Damon: And mine.
Elena: And mine.
Stefan: For centuries,
supernatural creatures
have lived among us.
Caroline: There are vampires,
werewolves, doppelgangers...
Bonnie: Witches.
Klaus: And even hybrids.
Elena: Now I'm one of them,
a vampire.
Stefan: Since she's turned,
everything about her
is different.
Something has changed
between Damon and me.
Stefan wants to fix me,
and Caroline flat out admitted
that she doesn't
like me this way.
I don't think I've ever
seen you more alive.
Stefan: And now
we know why.
Elena is sired
to Damon.
[Birds chirping]
Elena?
Hey.
Thought you
might have left.
No. I don't have to be
at school for...
At least
20 minutes ago.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
What's that face?
What face?
That face.
I'm happy.
[Music playing]
Caroline:
This is a disaster.
Look. We don't know
anything for sure.
Yes, we do.
Elena is sired
to Damon,
which means her one
singular burning desire
is to make him happy,
just like Klaus and his hybrids.
No. It's not.
A vampire sired to another
vampire is one in a million.
Maybe it won't affect
her the same way.
[Music playing]
Caroline: We already know
it's affecting her.
She's become
Damon's lapdog.
It's true.
Everything he says,
she agrees with.
Everything he
asks her to do, she does.
[Music playing]
Caroline: We need
to do something.
[Beep]
Wait. No. Hold on.
Caroline,
this isn't gossip.
You can't just
drop this on her
before we know what's
happening for sure.
I need to talk
to Tyler, ok?
Maybe he'll know what to do.
All right.
Talk to Tyler,
but please don't tell anyone else.
If this is true, then
it may have influence
Elena's every action
and emotion
since she became
a vampire.
[Music playing]
[Moaning]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Sync & corrections by Rafael UPD
www.addic7ed.com/
[Adrian wailing]
Please, no more.
I can't.
Yes, you can.
Block out the pain.
[Wailing]
That's enough.
This is torture.
Hayley: Kim, stop.
He needs to finish.
Not today, he doesn't.
Yes, today.
Nate, Dean, and
Chris are all dead,
which makes Adrian
Klaus' right hand.
We can't let Adrian
anywhere near Klaus
until his sire bond
is completely broken.
Hayley is right.
The bond isn't broken
until he doesn't feel
the pain of
transformation anymore.
If we want
to get back at Klaus
for everything
he's done to us,
Adrian has
to keep turning.
He doesn't
have to do anything.
Isn't that the point of
breaking the sire bond...
Free will?
Let's go, Adrian.
Ha ha! Bag.
I got it. Ahem.
Scarf.
What... oh.
Mm.
Hmm.
Listen, Damon.
We need to...
No. No, no, no.
Don't ruin it.
You don't even know
what I was gonna say.
Well, I'm assuming it starts with,
"what are we?"
And then ends with
going to tell Stefan.
He should know.
I know he should know.
Just don't know when
he should know it.
Well, he knows that something
is going on between us.
I mean, it's the reason
that he and I broke up.
Yeah, but can't we
just let ourselves
enjoy one secret,
selfish day
before we destroy his?
Maybe we shouldn't...
No, Elena.
This is our time.
It's never been right before,
and it's right now.
Just one day?
One day?
Ok. One day.
Yes.
Ha ha!
Hey. Hey.
See you in history?
Yeah.
Hey.
Listen.
We need to talk.
Sired?
Really, Stefan?
That is the most
pathetic nonsense
I've ever heard come
out of your mouth,
and you've said some
crap in your day.
It was your blood
that turned her, right?
I mean, she's been different
since day one because of you.
You can't deny that.
Sure, I can.
I finally got Elena
to a good place
about
being a vampire.
You two idiots can't
stand that she's happy
because of me.
All right. You know what?
Prove me wrong.
Tell her it's ok
to drink from a blood bag.
She can't.
Her weird
doppelganger body
rejected the blood
from the bag.
Right, because you
told her to.
You said she had
to drink warm human blood
straight from the vein.
She almost died
to make you happy.
Look. Just ask her
to drink from a blood bag.
Make sure you tell her how
happy you'll be if it works,
and if I'm wrong,
I'll be the first to apologize.
When her body rejects this blood,
which it will,
your apology
better be epic.
Elena, hey,
is everything ok?
Yeah.
Why wouldn't it be?
Well, Caroline told me you had to
move out to stay away from Jeremy.
Matt is at the house
staying with him right now
to make sure he keeps all of
his hunter stuff in control.
He's ok.
But are you?
I mean, clearly, they don't have
a flat iron at hotel Salvatore.
Oh. I was in a rush.
I mean... look.
Do you girls have
any plans tonight?
I'm in desperate need
of some girl talk.
I'm in.
Shane taught me some small
spells I've been wanting to try.
Oh, creepy Professor guy
is just Shane now.
He's not creepy.
We're not judging. I am.
Don't
listen to her.
So girls' night?
We can raid
the Salvatore wine cellar.
Are you sure that Stefan
and Damon are cool
with us crashing
at their place?
I can't go home because
my brother is trying to kill me.
So their place
is mine now, too.
I'll see you
in a bit.
You being here makes
your selfish, secret day
a little difficult,
don't you think?
Ha ha!
Forget your lunch.
I can't.
You know I can't.
Well, last time
you tried it,
the circumstances
were less than optimal,
and I think maybe you should
just give it another try,
see if it works.
I really think
it will.
Please... for me?
Mm...
You ok?
Um... I'm fine.
It tastes
like blood.
Last time, it was
like hot garbage.
You sure
you're ok?
I'm better than ok.
I mean, maybe last time,
it was a bad batch or something.
I can't believe
this, Damon.
I don't have to hurt
people anymore.
I have to get
to class.
Thank you. Hmm.
Trespassing, breaking and entering,
all before noon?
Having trouble
breaking Adrian.
Don't worry about it.
You already got
the 12 hybrids I need.
We have 11.
I told you, Tyler Lockwood
isn't part of the deal.
Well, now there's
11 hybrids.
You deliver me 12 without
loyalties to Klaus,
or your friend Tyler
becomes fair game.
You haven't held up
your end of the bargain.
Right.
This is everything you
always wanted to know
about your
biological parents,
and it's encoded in case you're
thinking of the smash and grab.
Just bring me 12 unsired
hybrids, and it's yours.
Caroline:
I talked to Tyler.
And?
The sire bound exists
because the hybrids
are grateful to Klaus
for relieving them
from the pain of having
to wolf out every full moon,
and that's why they
have to turn
until they're not
ruled by the pain anymore.
Right, but Elena
is not a werewolf.
So what's
the vampire equivalent?
Well, that's the problem.
There isn't one.
[Beep]
What are you doing?
Elena is sired.
You were right.
I was wrong. Happy?
No. I'm not happy,
but what are we
gonna do about it?
Well, I'm
working on it.
Here. Remember that?
New Orleans.
1942, to be exact.
What was in
new Orleans in 1942?
Other that bourbon
and beads, us, Stefan.
Oh, yeah.
What was the name
of that girl
you used
to hang out with?
That was
no ordinary girl.
That was Charlotte.
Man: ♪ it don't mean a thing
♪ if it ain't got that swing
♪ doo wah doo wah
doo wah doo wah... ♪
Damon, voice-over: She was crazy
about me from the minute we met.
So, of course,
when she asked me
to turn her into a vampire,
I did.
Hi.
Hey.
So did you decide who you would
like to have for dinner tonight?
Him.
Man: ♪ it makes no difference
if it's sweet or hot ♪
He looks tasty.
That's a very fine
choice, miss Charlotte.
I will go set that up.
Now, if anyone tries
to touch my drink,
you show them
no mercy, ok?
Man: ♪ doo wah doo wah
doo wah doo wah ♪
♪ Doo wah doo wah doo wah
doo wah ♪
Drop by after your set.
Come join us.
You spilled
my man's drink.
Sorry. It's
crowded in here.
That's no excuse.
Hey, take it
easy, lady.
I'm not
gonna take it easy.
Huh! Uh!
What did you do?
He touched your drink.
You said show no mercy.
I thought
you'd be happy.
That was my first clue.
She was sired
to you,
and I can only assume you
took full advantage of that
until you got bored
of her, right?
More like when she went
all "fatal attraction" on me.
Then I had to make
a clean break.
How'd you do that?
Ah, phew. Here.
Who's Valerie la marche?
The witch that I found
to help me break
little Charlotte's
sire bond.
Ah!
Pack your bags,
baby bro.
We're going
to bourbon street.
One for you,
one for you.
Ooh.
I'm assuming this
is for Caroline.
Actually,
it's for me.
Oh, I thought...
Are you saying that...
Thanks to Damon, I am now
a functional dysfunctional vampire.
That's amazing.
What do you mean,
thanks to Damon?
Well, he suggested
that I try it again.
So I did,
and it worked.
No more snatch,
eat, and erase.
So where is my least
favorite Salvatore?
"Out with Stefan
for the night.
Don't wait up.
Brother bonding."
Hmm. So you guys
check-in text now?
What else do you do?
I know that you're
not the biggest fan,
but he kind of
just changed my life.
Do you mind laying off
on all the hate?
Ok. New girls'
night rule...
No boy talk, yeah?
Plus, why talk
when we have this?
Is that
stoner tea?
It's spirit tea.
It opens up your chi
or whatever.
Come on.
It's not drugs.
Shane is helping me
do natural magic
without having to
access the spirits.
Mm-hmm.
Don't judge.
Ok. Fine.
I hereby vow
not to be judgmental
for the rest
of the evening.
Even if you two are
potentially ruining your lives
as I stand idly by,
it's your choice.
I'll drink to that.
Cheers.
[Music playing]
Well, the city is the
same, just brighter.
Have you been
back here since '42?
Nope, not since
I shipped off
to join the war effort
and you didn't.
Somebody had to
entertain the ladies
who had been left
by their menfolk.
[Cell phone chimes]
Hey, good news.
Elena is at the house
with the girls
where she can't
get in trouble.
Bad news... think they
got into the dom.
Told her to make
herself at home.
Yeah. You told her,
so she does, right?
[Scoffs]
Sire bond is not
that literal, Stefan.
Really?
Name one thing that
you've asked her to do
that you
haven't gotten, huh?
You know what
I haven't gotten?
Blame, guilt.
I get it, Stefan.
I get that you're pissed
that Elena dumped you
because she has
feelings for me.
Bet you blame the sire
bond for that, too.
Yeah. You know what?
I absolutely do.
Why, because it's
impossible to think
she could have
feelings for me?
No, because
it's impossible
for her to be so blind
that she doesn't see
how wrong you are
for her.
Hey, wait, Damon.
I'm sorry.
What'd you say?
"I'm sorry I blame you
for my bloodlust
"and for me
becoming a ripper.
It wasn't your fault."
Do I really have to say
it wasn't his fault?
Yes. Keep going.
"You're the only
brother I have,
and I hope that we can
be friends again."
Perfect.
Now, just remember,
we're here
to talk to Damon,
not to yell,
not to dredge up the past,
and most definitely
not to pick a fight.
That's the real
trick, isn't it?
You've spent the last 20 years
turning your life around.
It's time to make nice
with your brother.
You look like a guy
I used to know.
Hello, Damon.
Come to put
a stake in my heart?
More like bury
the hatchet.
Ha!
Ahh... Egypt. Ha!
Finally gonna get
to see the pyramids.
Oh, I doubt I'll be
doing much sightseeing
driving an ambulance
through the front lines,
but... yeah, yeah... Egypt.
Think they have room
for another driver?
I could handle
some war
if it meant spending quality
time with my little brother.
Tell you what.
I'll talk to my C.O.
You're not going.
I don't like you.
In 1912, you pressured
Stefan to drink human blood.
He's been trying to put
his ripper days behind him,
but he needs to see
death and blood
and deal with them
as a part of life.
He needs balance,
restraint.
What makes you think I'm
not balanced and restrained?
The fact that you
never have been.
You think of what you want first,
second, and third.
Stefan is better off alone
than in your company.
Well, I beg to differ.
To the Salvatores
in Egypt.
Cheers.
Damon...
Did you forget you were
supposed to meet us for dinner?
Sorry. I lost
track of time.
I brought you leftovers.
Charlotte!
Lexi:
Get away from him.
Damon: Stefan... Stefan.
I... I... Stefan...
She's better off
without you, too.
Stefan: I apologize,
all right?
As much as I hate
this sire bond thing,
I shouldn't take it
out on you.
It's not really
your fault.
Well, don't get all
warm and fuzzy on me yet.
It's where
the witch lived.
What, you weren't expecting to find
the same exact witch in the same place.
No, but since I couldn't
remember where the store was,
figured I'd
get us a start.
Maybe there's
another place to start.
You think Charlotte might
be in new Orleans?
Yeah, maybe.
Where's the last place
you saw her?
Corner of bourbon
and dumaine.
Kind of told her to
count every brick
in every building
in new Orleans,
and I'd meet her
at the corner.
I was gone
by the morning.
Where you going?
Corner of bourbon
and dumaine,
see how literal
the sire bond is.
They're gonna get us
both killed,
and we're just
sitting here.
Kim is right.
The point of breaking
the sire bond is being free.
They don't have
to listen to me.
Yes, they do, Ty.
You can make them.
Hybrids are
werewolves first.
Wolves run in packs,
and every pack
needs an Alpha,
or they end up
challenging each other
for dominance.
Kim is challenging
your position as Alpha.
You need to put her
in her place... now.
Long day tomorrow,
Adrian.
You want it to go
better than today,
you need
to get some rest.
Who do you
think you are?
The guy telling you
to call it a night.
This could get a lot uglier right
now, but I'm not gonna let it.
Challenge me again, this
conversation will end differently.
You understand? Right.
Whatever you say.
Finish your drink and get
Adrian back to the stables.
We'll meet you there.
Where we going?
To pick a fight.
No way is she gonna be in
the same spot after 70 years.
So what are we
gonna tell Elena?
I was hoping we wouldn't
have to tell her anything.
Well, we can't
just lie to her.
It's not a lie.
It's an omission for
the greater good.
Oh, I see. I see.
That's Damon speak for,
"let's not do the right thing.
Let's just do
what's right for me."
Oh, what about you,
o selfless one?
Are you doing what's best for
Elena or what's best for you?
Because it looks to me
like the only reason
you want to break
Elena's sire bond
is to restore her original
factory team Stefan settings.
I'm gonna go get
a drink.
Hunt me down when you
stop being a dick.
[Panting]
What the hell
just happened?
She kissed me.
Damon, I always knew
you'd come back for me.
I must have counted
literally every brick
on every building
in all of new Orleans.
Literally every brick?
Uh, Charlotte...
Heh heh...
Please tell me
you had a full life
and that you've done something
other than counting bricks.
Of course I have.
I'm not crazy.
Then why are you still here?
You know, when someone
breaks up with you
and there's a song
that reminds you of them,
first, you hate it,
but then it brings back
all the good memories of them.
Counting the bricks
is my song,
and I've been playing it
for decades.
That's a really
long time
stuck listening
to the same song.
Yeah. Heh.
Well, you know,
in the plus column,
you know new Orleans better
than anyone in the world,
which is really nice
because we need your help
finding someone.
[Music playing]
All right!
Aah!
[All giggling]
Check this out...
Vamp speed video.
Mm.
I look like
superman.
Watch this.
This year's
Christmas card.
[Laughter]
Being a vampire
is so weird.
Oh, my God,
I love this bathtub.
Why don't we come
and hang out here more often?
I'll tell you why.
Cooties.
Think of all
the germ-ridden skanks
that Damon has lured
into his den of iniquity.
Ok. I'm sorry.
I've been good all night.
I am stopping now.
No. Don't stop
on my account.
Rip away.
I mean, it's only
Damon, right?
Well, say what you want
about ripper Stefan,
but at least he
wasn't a man slut.
Come on.
So what exactly
was it about him
that made you jump
right into bed with him
as soon as you met him?
I didn't know what
a sociopathic narcissist he was.
He's always been there for me
when I needed him.
Yeah, because he's hoping
you'll sleep with him.
Well, maybe I did.
You did what?
You didn't.
Yeah. I did.
Look. I know you two
have issues with him,
but I'm happy,
and I wanted to spend tonight
with my best friends so that
I could tell them about it.
[Bell rings]
Can I help you,
gentlemen?
Damon: Hi.
Looking for a witch.
Sorry. No time
for pleasantries.
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
Look...
Nandi, is it?
Let's skip the part
where you pretend
like you don't know what
we're talking about.
We need a spell that could
break a vampire sire bond.
Now, there was a witch here
named val.
Ring any bells?
She was my
great-grandmother.
She had a grimoire,
and it had a spell.
Val: The magic
you're talking about
is dark, powerful.
Magic like this
doesn't come cheap.
How much?
Money won't cut it
here, pretty one.
Dark magic draws power
from dark places.
Casting the spell
you need
requires the sacrifice
of 12 human souls.
Stefan: A sacrifice?
You brought me here
knowing that the spell
required
a human sacrifice.
Well, I was hoping
the recipe had changed.
Look. There's no magic
like that here.
I sell herbs
and homeopathic remedies
and dress it up
with a little witchy-woo
for the tourists,
but I don't practice.
Ok. Fine. Listen.
Just tell us where
we can find someone
like your great-grandma
who can break the sire bond
and won't flake out on us
like old val did.
There's no one.
All of her stuff is gone...
The grimoires, her journals.
We lost it all
during Katrina.
If a spell like that
ever existed,
it's gone for good.
Elena, come here.
Party is over.
You guys need to leave.
Don't be mad, ok?
We're just looking out for you.
Do you think it
makes me happy
that you guys
hate him?
I get it.
His track record has
been kind of spotty,
but I don't
hate him.
I can't. He's...
I think I'm falling
in love with him.
Ugh, you're not falling
in love with him, Elena.
You're sired
to him.
What?
What are you
talking about?
I...
Look. I'm sorry
that it came out like that,
but it's true.
Damon's blood turned you.
You couldn't feed
from animals or blood bags
because he told you so.
Then he suggested that you
try again with blood bags,
and suddenly...
No.
There's no way. I...
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Ask Stefan about it.
He can explain it
better than I can.
I'm sorry. You talked
to Stefan about this?
It's not your fault,
Elena, ok?
Damon took advantage
of you.
Ok. You need to leave... Now.
Elena... Come on.
I said leave.
Hello, girls.
Ugh!
[Rumbling]
Stop.
One bite from a hybrid,
and she's dead, remember?
[Whoosh] Caroline.
Witch is lying.
Doesn't practice
magic, my ass.
Human sacrifice?
Did you really think
that I would go for this?
Extreme circumstances
call for extreme measures.
Did you kill those
12 people in 1942?
Absolutely, I did,
and I'd do it again
in a heartbeat if it meant
a clean slate with Elena.
Hmm.
Are you gonna help me good
cop/bad cop this witch, or not?
I get it, hayley.
I'll find them, and
I'll get them in line.
Bonnie says no luck
with the locator spell.
They've got to be here.
They're not dumb enough
to risk getting caught
by Klaus in town.
Well, what do they want
with Caroline?
Kim is trying to prove
she's the Alpha.
If I can make her submit,
the pack will fall in line,
and we can finally get them
free of Klaus.
You'd think they'd play along
with how much they hate him.
But Adrian doesn't,
does he?
I mean, he's still
sired to Klaus.
Being sired doesn't mean you
feel differently about someone.
I hated Klaus,
but I still did everything he said.
The bond affects
how you act,
not how you feel.
Caroline: Aah!
Caroline.
What are you
doing here?
Calling you out.
You're not Val's
great-granddaughter.
You're her daughter.
You're 80 years old.
You don't look a day over 50.
You're a
practicing witch.
Get out of my store.
Give me what I want.
Ugh! Yaagh! Gaah!
I gave you a chance
to leave with your life.
Wait, wait,
wait, wait.
We don't want
any trouble, ok?
We just need your help.
That's all.
I told you,
there's no one here
who can help you.
Agh!
The kind of magic my mother
practiced, it's unnatural.
Witches don't even
call it magic.
We call it expression.
Is that like
black magic?
Worse.
Channeling the power
of human sacrifices
calls on darkness
that can't exist
on this plane without
swallowing it whole.
She sold you a bill of goods
about breaking the sire bond
because she wanted
access to that power,
and you gave it to her when
you killed those 12 people.
Are you saying
there's no spell?
The bond can't be
broken with magic.
A vampire only bonds
to her sire
when she has
feelings for him
before she turns,
human feelings.
Vampirism only
heightens those emotions.
You want her free?
You have to set her free.
Tell her to live
her life without you
and never think
of you again,
to stop caring
about you,
and then leave her.
That's the only way
around the sire bond.
Aah! Yaah!
Why are you
doing this?
To show Tyler
who's in charge.
Aah!
Tyler: Stop it.
Stop it, Kim.
Caroline is
with us, all right?
We're all
on the same team.
Kim: She's on
your team, not mine.
Aah!
Stop it! Stop!
Adrian: Ease up, Kim.
Klaus won't like this.
Huh, that's
a very good point.
Do you think
he'll like this?
Kim, don't do it.
I swear to God...
Elena: No. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
If you really want to
hit Klaus where it hurts,
then torture me
instead.
He's fixated
on keeping me alive.
You want real
revenge, or not?
Uh!
Ugh! Stay back!
I'll rip her heart out
right now.
Kim put you all
at risk today,
and I'm not
gonna hurt her.
I'm not Klaus.
I don't kill and torture
my own friends to get what I want.
Now, we broke
the sire bond,
but if you want
to be free,
we have to work
together.
No one can step
out of line.
Now, you're either
with me
or you're against me.
Submit.
Submit, or you die.
I'm...
I'm sorry.
[Gasping]
So you're just
leaving me again?
No. I need to get on
with my life,
and so do you.
I don't want to live
without you.
If you want to make me happy,
you will.
You just forget
about me.
You'll never
think of me again,
and you'll find someone new,
and you'll be happier than ever.
Please just
stop crying.
I'm never gonna be able
to forget about you.
Yes. You are,
and I'm never gonna
be happy until you realize
that you're never gonna
have the life that you deserve
if I'm in it.
Good-bye, Charlotte.
[Music playing]
How'd it go?
Set her free.
Must've been hard,
doing the right thing,
especially when it's not
something you want to do.
Get to the point,
Stefan.
You don't think I'm gonna
be able to do what I need to
when I have to tell Elena
to stay away from me.
Well, I mean,
selflessness isn't exactly
one of your most obvious
character traits, Damon.
Yeah? Well, one of these days,
you're gonna realize
you don't know me
half as well as you think.
[Whistles]
[Music playing]
Hi. All right.
Lexi: Damon... I
know what you did,
and you're not going
overseas with Stefan.
Do you understand me?
Well, Uncle Sam
begs to differ.
You just killed
12 innocent people.
How do you know they
didn't have it coming?
Your brother has spent
the last 20 years
racked with guilt,
fighting the temptation
to drink human blood.
He's serving in war
as penance
for the pain
that he's caused.
If he finds out
what you did,
he'll want to know
how it is you function
without guilt for
the things that you do.
He'll turn to you for
guidance like he did before,
and he'll become
the ripper of Monterrey
all over again.
I've pretty much
been on my own
since our little
falling out in 1912.
Did you ever think
that I just need my little brother?
And that's why
you can't go.
It might be good
for you, Damon,
but it will
destroy Stefan.
For once, you need
to put someone else
in front of yourself.
You need
to let him go.
Good luck, brother.
I didn't know
about that.
Yeah. Well, next time,
I'll hang a billboard.
I know it may seem like
I'm being unfair about this,
like I'm upset about
losing Elena to you,
and I am, but after
all this is over,
if she never feels
the same way about me
as she used to,
at least it'll be her choice.
The dreaded c-word.
I know what I have
to do, Stefan.
I'm sorry.
Hey, if you don't start
hugging me back,
this is gonna get really
awkward really fast.
You've got
my hands pinned down.
Oh.
Heh.
I'm a jerk.
I promise to never
again judge ever.
Just please don't tell
Stefan about me and Damon.
I promise
that I'll tell him.
I just need to figure out
some stuff first.
Of course.
You guys
friends again?
Thank God.
Well, she
saved my life,
in spite of me being the nasty,
bad witch.
Thankfully, we had
our good witch.
You know, your
hottie creepy Professor
really knows
his stuff, Bonnie.
It's been baby steps,
but he's helping
with a whole new kind
of magic.
He calls it expression.
You ever hear
of a text message,
maybe just give a guy
a heads-up?
Adrian finished
breaking the sire bond.
You have
your 12 hybrids.
Now, where
are my parents?
They're dead.
You lied to me?
No.
I didn't lie to you.
I said I'd tell you
where to find them.
This is everything
you ever wanted to know,
including
where they're buried.
You just picked a fight
with a werewolf.
You know that,
right?
Easy, killer,
all right?
I'm not declaring
war here.
Just because
they're dead
doesn't mean you can't
see them again.
What?
Oh, this is far
from over, hayley.
We are the beginning.
You feel
sorry for him?
Look. There's no other way to
break a vampire's sire bond.
As much as you and I
both hate it,
Damon does
love Elena.
Now he has to
completely let her go.
Can you imagine
having to do that?
I'm sorry
I told her, ok?
I kind of
didn't have a choice.
All I know is, he better do
what he's supposed to do.
He'll do it.
He's not as bad as
he wants you to think.
He'll do
what he needs to do.
He told me he would.
Is that
all he told you?
What do you mean?
Nothing. It's just...
It's just...
How can you trust him?
Because I think he loves
her as much as I do.
He can't be selfish
with her, not anymore.
[Music playing]
Hey. We're back.
How was your night?
Awful. Yours? Same.
Elena, we need
to talk.
I know that
I'm sired to you, Damon.
Caroline told me.
That's what you and Stefan
were doing, wasn't it?
Is there a way
to break it?
Not exactly...
Which is why
we need to talk.
Tyler told me the bond
doesn't affect how I feel,
just the way I act.
My feelings for you
haven't changed, Damon.
Nothing has changed.
Everything
has changed, Elena.
Ok. Fine. Yeah.
I mean, I've changed.
So have you, Damon,
and I'm happy,
just like you were
yesterday morning
before we knew
about any of this.
You know what would
make me happy?
To know that
this entire time
that I've been completely
in love with you
that what you actually
felt for me was real.
It is real.
I know that it is, Damon.
I know what you're
about to do.
Please don't
do this to me.
I don't want
to do this, Elena.
I'm not the good guy,
remember?
I'm the selfish one.
I take what I want.
I do what I want.
I lie to my brother.
I fall in love
with his girl.
I don't do
the right thing...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org